enhancement(vector source): add `headers` option (#22695)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/add_headers_vector_source.enhancement.md

> Add option to add https headers to vector source's event logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `headers` option to the `vector` source config. Use this setting to provide custom headers.
```
